If you're planning on joining the military then there are some things
that can start you on the right path. One can be the Junior ROTC program,
the Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps program that, it's kinda
like a little military within the high school. They allow you to
learn about marching and formations. They give you some books to read
and they tell you about the military structure. So it's really helping
you along the way and you know trying to learn about what jobs
there are talking to military members . There's also the air cadets
and I think in some cases the Boy Scouts can actually, and Girl Scouts
as well, can show you some things about like discipline and listening
to others. Their structure is I think very similar to the military
as well, so these are things that kind of prepare you mentally
and physically for a future military service.